Update Shortcut Key Reference to include "H" keybind (#2158)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Shortcut_Key_Reference/en.md

- `Space`: Skip opening cut-scene
- `Tab`: Toggle scoreboard
- `Shift` + `Tab`: Toggle in-game interface

> - `H`: Toggle scoreboard and in-game interface at once (and hide "REPLAY MODE" text if you are viewing a replay)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `H`: Toggle scoreboard and replay interface (only available when watching a replay or spectator stream)
```
seems to hide different components than "in-game interface"
